---
waltz:
  title: Getting Started
  resource: page
  published: false
layout: page
title: Getting Started
permalink: /getting_started/
---
The CIS department is using Discord as a replacement for Piazza this semester. This is a quick start guide to get you
ready to use the UD CIS Discord for this course. There are more detailed instructions and documentation in the other
pages in this module but this page contains the basics.

Throughout this module, you can replace `000` with your course code. For example General Computer Science for Engineers
is CISC 106 so any `000` would become `106`. An honors section of CISC 106 would become `106H`.

* * *

### Getting Verified

Before you can start sending messages, you need to get verified. You should have already received an email from Sage,
the bot that manages our Discord Guild. If you have not, you can request one [here][9]. In that email you will find a
link to our gateway guild and a unique hash. Join the gateway guild and send your hash to Sage in a Direct Message. Sage
will reply by sending you an invite link to the UD CIS Discord Guild. Once you join the guild, you have been verified!

### Enrolling in this class

When you verify, Sage may let you know that you've been automatically enrolled in this class. If you have been
automatically enrolled, great, you can skip the rest of this section. If Sage didn't tell you that you were enrolled in
this course, simply send `s;enroll 000` in #sages_place. Sage will enroll you in this class and you'll be given access
to our classes channels. If you are taking more than one CISC class that is using Discord, don't worry, you can enroll
in as many classes as you need.

* * *

### Asking Anonymous and Private Questions

Piazza had a feature where you could ask questions anonymously to your classmates or privately just to course staff.
While Discord can't do this normally, we've added functionality to Sage to bring anonymous and private questions to
Discord. To ask a question to all course staff, send Sage `private <question>` (without the pointy braces) in a Direct
Message. Replies to that question will be sent to your Direct Message with Sage. To ask an anonymous question, send Sage
`anonymous <question>` (without the pointy braces) in a Direct Message. If you are enrolled in more than one class, you
will have to put `000` in front of your question for both private and Anonymous questions.

* * *

### Question Tagging

It can be helpful to look at all the posts that relate to a specific assignment, so we've added a way to do just that.
To get the list of messages about a specific assignment, send `s;question <assignment>` (without the pointy braces) in

# sages_place and Sage will send you the list. If you're enrolled in more than one class you'll have to specify the

course code before the assignment. If you would like to add a post to the list, reply to the message with `s;tag
<assignment>` (without the pointy braces) and Sage will add that to the list. Again, if you're enrolled in more than one
class you'll have to specify the course code before the assignment.

   [9]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScvT1qb8yh2W8T2D1JK-QK_kaENRfg9UfXXV1YWQHydVg0d6g/viewform?usp=sf_link